Goals- The goal of the program is to use string stream and getline to change data from the input text file and submit it to a new output text file.

Input- Unlike previous programs this time we use a .txt file called input.txt to input the data in our program. In out main function we use the code inputfile.open("input.txt") to open it and we have our codes accordinly below to manipuate it and store it in out output.txt file (the codes are explained in steps below).

Output- The output for this program is to transform the input that we get from out .txt file and store it to a empty output.txt file.

Steps- In our program we have our int main function in which at first we declared all the variables that we will be using, next we then opened our both input.txt file and output.txt file. After that we have 2 if statements just to make sure for the user to see if they have all the appropriate text files for the program to run. In our while loop we have ourself 3 for loops, the while loop is to make sure that we are inside the loop and only exit once we get the output that we want. The first for loop runs for total 3 times and then using the if statement we remove the commas that we have in our text file (I have also included comments), the second for loop is to add the int and string without the commas(we removed the commas in previous for loop ) and store it inside the array. The last for loop is to store everything that we have in the output.txt file in the correct order and correct sequence we want. Then at last we close out input and output file to finalize the code.    
