Goals- The goal of this program is to simulate a horse race with a track that is 15 units long with 5 horses in it. On each turn each horse flips a coin and if it lands on 1 the horse moves 1 space ahead. The program ends when one of the five horses reach the last spot and we conclude it with a print stement saying the x horse won (where x is which horse exactly won). In this program we will do the above explained steps using object oriented programming. The horse and race class will format the same steps as in UML diagram but the names will change accordingly to my previous program. I will also be copying some of my code from previous program as the end goal is the same also the same with markdown algorithm from my project A3.

Input- We will take input from the user in this program, we will ask the user to write a random seed/number and the simulation will work accordingly (the working of each step is explained in steps).

Output- The output of the program is to print out every single time each horse flips a coin and it ends with a print statment saying which horse reached the end first. The program starts whith us asking the user to input a random seed.

Steps- I tried doing this program using a swap function to move horses but I was struggling a lot even though it is an easier step but I ended up using while loop, for loop and prototype function as I have a good grip due to the fact almost half of my assigments in my c programming class were like this. Our program starts with writing all the protoype functions that we used. Then we have our int main function where we ask the user for input and use a while and for loop to go throgh all 15 spots. The while loop exits itself if it positon of the horse is same as the total length, after we exit for loop we will use a print stement to write which horse wins if the horse who wins the coin flip probability reaches the last spot on the track after going through for loop. Then we have our coin flip function which is names int goingahead, it uses random number generator program and by the end of it we increment the position by 1 if its 1. Then we have our int lanes function in which we basically printed the tracks and the horse position if flipped 1 in coin flip. Then we finally have our int horseposition function which returns horse position. I also recieved a feedback for my previous project which made my output perfect so I also made that changes.
