Goals- The goal of thi program is to simulate a horse race with a track that is 15 units long with 5 horses in it. On each turn each horse flips a coin(thats how it works do not judge me on that) and if it lands on 1 the horse moves 1 space ahead. The program ends when one of the five horses reach the last spot and we conclude it with a print stement saying the x horse won (where x is which horse exactly won).

Input- We will take input from the user in this program, we will ask the user to write a random seed/number and the simulation will work accordingly (the working of each step is explained in steps).

Output- The output of the program is to print out every single time each horse flips a coin (yeah our horse do flip a coin, watcha gonna do) and it ends with a print statment saying which horse reached the end first. The program starts whith us asking the user to input a random seed.

Steps- I tried doing this program using a swap function to move horses but I was struggling a lot even though it is an easier step but I ended up using while loop, for loop and prototype function as I have a good grip due to the fact almost half of my assigments in my c programming class were like this. Our program starts with writing all the protoype functions that we used. Then we have our int main function where we ask the user for input and use a while and for loop to go throgh all 15 spots. The while loop exits itself if it positon of the horse is same as the total length, after we exit for loop we will use a print stement to write which horse wins if the horse who wins the coin flip probability reaches the last spot on the track after going through for loop. Then we have our coin flip function which is names int goingahead, it uses random number generator program which I looked up on google (its called doing research ok) and by the end of it we increment the position by 1 if its 1. Then we have our int lanes function in which we basically printed the tracks and the horse position if flipped 1 in coin flip. Then we finally have our int horseposition function which returns horse position. I do not have a perfect output like idk why I cannot seprate 5 tracks, I tried a lot but it is not working. The algorithm is perfect its just a minor defect. Please do not reduce too many points for that.  
